Do not crash when unable to `_get_repository_properties` (#2222)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Added a new validation to the `XSOAR-linter` in the **lint** command for verifying that demisto.log is not used in the code.
* The **generate-docs** command will now auto-generate the Incident Mirroring section when implemented in an integration.
* Added support to automatically generate release notes for deprecated items in the **update-release-notes** command.

> * Fixed an issue where `demisto-sdk` crashes when it's unable to find local repository properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suggested change 
* Fixed an issue causing any command to crash when unable to detect local repository properties.

```
